Welcome to the lesson, Web Services with Node.js.
This lesson is meant to help get you up and
running with a few popular Node.js Frameworks.
In the last lesson, we looked more closely at
web applications and discussed the difference between back and front end development.
We went over Node.js,
which helps you serve both back and front end data.
Knowing this helps you understand how to construct a solution for your application needs.
In this lesson, we'll dive deeper into how you can more easily
build out applications using what's known as a RESTful framework.
RESTful frameworks give you access to guidelines and
tools that help you develop applications more efficiently.
Node.js has many frameworks, and in this lesson,
we'll cover three of them, Express, Sails and Hapi.
We'll cover when each framework could be the right tool for
the job and when you might be better off with something else.
You'll also get up and running with
the small Hello World application using each of these frameworks.
Coming up next, we'll look a little closer at what a framework is,
then get started with our own application.
So, welcome again to the lesson.
I'm excited to get started with Node.js Frameworks.